User story 1 (Matt): As president of the Western Idaho Ancient Boardgame Club, 
                     I would like to be able to play the game Nine Men's Morris 
                     against another club member.
           Tasks: 1. Build basic game architecture, to track board layout and state
                  2. Implement logic to enforce game rules
                  3. Build simple GUI for game 

User story 2 (Matt): As a lowly soldier in Rome's 17th legion, I desire to 
                     demonstrate my tactical abilities to my commander, in order 
                     to secure a promotion. Since the command hierarchy seems 
                     fond of Nine Men's Morris, I want to master that game; 
                     however I have never played. I do not want to embarrass 
                     myself in front of my cohorts, so I want to be able to 
                     practice against some sort of magic, invisible player of a 
                     relatively low skill level. 
           Tasks: 1. Create a simple AI for game
                     
User story 3 (Zakk): As a player suffering for amnesia I sometimes forget where 
					 I clicked. I would like each the piece I am trying to move 
					 during phase 2 to be highlighted so I don't forget.
 Tasks: 1. Implement a way of marking pieces when they have been selected to move  
					 
User story 4 (Zakk): As a person with poor short term memory I can't keep track of how
					 many pieces I have. I would like a counter to show how many pieces
					 I have left.
 Tasks: 1. Show a counter in the GUI for how many pieces are left to place for each player
        2. Change counters so that when all 9 piece have been placed, it shows 
           how many pieces remain on the board for each player.
           
User story 5 (Matthew): As a learning player, I hate it when I click on spaces and it
		does nothing.  If I do something wrong, it needs to tell me and explain what's
		wrong nicely, no computer error messages.
		Tasks: 	1. Display status bar, print illegal moves on status bar
		
User story 6 (Matthew): As an old user, I don't like running programs over again to
		make them do something else.  There should be buttons that make it easy to
		play again, or choose options.  Games shouldn't have complicated menus.
		Tasks: 	1. Add buttons for new game and exit.
				2. Add radio buttons for options, such as 2-player or AI opponent.